
URL for codepen: https://codepen.io/acoman-cloud/pen/VwWqoQP?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        tags that give meaning
    2. What is HTML used for?
        Creating webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        href, with anchor around url links
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
        the title, traditionally only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        password, and tel
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title, and any navigation buttons
    7. What is an id?
        a specific identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        only once
    10. What is a class?
        a group of identifiers
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        All of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        alternate images
    15. How do I reference an id?
        .id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is semantic and div is non-semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used to group together multiple elements to add or change a specific thing, while an id are unique and can only target one element each.
        Using classes would be an example of DRY code, while using id would be an example of disorganization
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className{ }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        if a p is in a div, you can select all p tags that are inside a div tag. This would be useful for keeping DRY code.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a{ }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        When a condition is applied to an element.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? 
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px solid black;
        border-style:dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*      */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm; This can very easily destroy files and gives no warning. Hardcore.
    34. Why should I use version control?
        to non-destructively track progression, and revert to previously deleted files and code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 17 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        $ git commit -m "having a ball of a time" 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
            1.Fork lambda project
            2.in terminal, locate folder
            3.in terminal, clone url
            4.in terminal, get branch
            5.in terminal, put git code.
            6.save your work
            7.git add
            8.git push
            9.git pull
            10. pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

URL for codepen: https://codepen.io/acoman-cloud/pen/VwWqoQP?editors=1100

   --> 